hi welcome to universal chimney this is
Metta I'm going to show you how to make
egg Benedict
so I'm gonna put on the gas take one pan
and let it heat up meanwhile I'm going
to take our egg and break it you can
take this without any yolk two can be
made with an egg right too but here I'm
just going to use a pan is heating I'm
going to add just one tablespoon of oil
here so once your pan is hot and I want
to put an egg on there now I'm gonna add
a little salt a pinch of salt red chilli
very little I have some chopped chilies
I'm going to add that too if it like it
spicy you can add a little bit more and
then I have some chopped tomatoes just
one teaspoon is good enough the
coriander leaves some grated cheese and
now we're gonna turn this off and we are
just want to do the underside just
literally for like half a minute not
even half a minute less than that and I
have just put on my oven and I'm going
to toast the bread over in that and I
think good enough I'm going to turn this
off and I'm going to take a toasted
bread so just turn it and flip it back
so here your egg Benedict is ready very
healthy option to eat so if you liked
the video please leave a comment and
subscribe to India Food Network thank
you